Bug severity guidelines docs (#3415)
mattermost/docs: source/process/bug-fix-release.md

    - Find QA or other teammates to help finish unfinished tests if needed
    - End of day or next morning: Verify all release tests are finished, bring any concerns to Triage / Release meeting
    - Go through all tabs of testing spreadsheet and verify all comments and questions have been filed in Jira as needed
    
### I. (T-minus 5 working days) Code Freeze

> Day after which only **S1 regressions** should be fixed (crashes, security vulnerabilities) and no other code changes should be committed. Exceptions can be made by the Release Manager during triage on a case-by-case basis. Review the [Bug Severity Guidelines](/process/bug-severity-guidelines).

Reviewer: Hm, I realized my suggestion for the link should probably be `(https://docs.mattermost.com/process/bug-severity-guidelines)`. I missed out the beginning of the link. Does that seem right? Sorry about that.

    - Verify all Jira tickets other than newly-filed bugs have been tested, verified, and closed
    - As bug fixes are merged and RCs are cut, verify fixes on new RCs, and post in Release Channel after testing
    - As RCs are cut, update `selenium.test.mattermost.com` to latest RC
    
### I. (T-minus 5 working days) Code Freeze

> Day after which only **S1 regressions** should be fixed (crashes, security vulnerabilities) and no other code changes should be comitted. Exceptions can be made by the Release Manager during triage on a case-by-case basis. Review the [Release Features & Bugs Quality Gate Guidelines](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QxB_A1qkEJBKAvQpRa7JiSQLZhwg6HAEajNRNa7ldGg/edit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Day after which only **S1 regressions** should be fixed (crashes, security vulnerabilities) and no other code changes should be committed. Exceptions can be made by the Release Manager during triage on a case-by-case basis. Review the [Bug Severity Guidelines](/process/bug-severity-guidelines).
```

1. **(Team) Daily Release Update Meeting**
    - Continue to triage Jira tickets

>     - If no blocking issues are found, PM, Dev, and QA sign off on the release and plan to cut final

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If no blocking issues are found, PM, Dev, and QA sign off on the release and begin final smoke tests
```
